feat(overview): errors section (#52)
ulule/developers.ulule.com: content/overview/errors.md

---
title: "Errors"
weight: 6
---

# Errors

Ulule uses conventional HTTP response codes to indicate the success or failure
of an API request. Codes in the `2xx` range indicate success.
Codes in the `4xx` range indicate a client error (bad payload or query string, no permission, resource does not exist, etc.)
Codes in the `5xx range` indicate a server error.

## Client error resource

| Field            | type            | Description                     |
| ---------------- | --------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `classification` | string          | Type of the error               |

> | `fieldNames`     | array of strings | List of the concerned fields    |

Reviewer: format the table

---
title: "Errors"
weight: 6
---

# Errors

Ulule uses conventional HTTP response codes to indicate the success or failure
of an API request. Codes in the `2xx` range indicate success.
Codes in the `4xx` range indicate a client error (bad payload or query string, no permission, resource does not exist, etc.)

> (e.g., a required parameter was omitted, the deserialization of the payload failed, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Codes in the `5xx range` indicate a server error.

## Client error resource

| Field            | type            | Description                     |
| ---------------- | --------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `classification` | string          | Type of the error               |

> | `fieldNames`     | array of string | List of the concerned fields    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fieldNames`     | array of strings | List of the concerned fields    |
```

---
title: "Errors"
weight: 6
---

# Errors

Ulule uses conventional HTTP response codes to indicate the success or failure

> of an API request. In general: Codes in the `2xx` range indicate success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of an API request. Codes in the `2xx` range indicate success.
```

> Codes in the `4xx` range indicate an error that failed given the information provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Codes in the `4xx` range indicate a client error (bad payload or query string, no permission, resource does not exist, etc.)
```

(e.g., a required parameter was omitted, the deserialization of the payload failed, etc.).

> Codes in the `5xx range` indicate an error with Ulule's servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Codes in the `5xx range` indicate a server error.
```

> With the response code, the API returns a serialized json list of Error

Reviewer: Just add a header `## Client error resource`

with the following fields:

| Field            | Description                          |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------ |

> | `fieldNames`     | List of the concerned fields         |

Reviewer: sort fields alphabetically

> | `fieldNames`     | List of the concerned fields         |

Reviewer: format the table, the second column is too wide

> | `fieldNames`     | List of the concerned fields         |

Reviewer: document the type of the `fieldNames` field
